Here's my solution to the DynamoDB exercise.
So I created a table called udacity neighborhood and my primary key is neighbor.
My point in creating this table was to get to know
some interesting facts about my neighbors that I
see on a daily basis as I'm walking around and chit-chatting with them.
So here are the names of five of my neighbors.
We can see that this data is quite unstructured.
I'm not capturing data for every field about every one,
but I'm grabbing what I can and I'm adding it to my table.
So you can see for my neighbor,
Mercedes, I've got her car,
her child, a fun fact about her and what she's growing in her in her first garden.
I see that my neighbor, Hattie,
there's a fun fact about her, scratch golfer.
She might have a car, she might not.
It's not in the table though.
I don't know anything about kids,
at least I didn't add it here,
but I do know that she likes to go to Whole Foods and what she's growing in her garden.
As you can see, it's these rules are not as strict for unstructured data.
So I've got spaces,
I've got four-by-four, uppercase,
lowercase, and all different kinds of data formatting here,
even on my primary key, uppercase and lowercase.
In your table, it's fairly easy to make modifications.
If, for example, I do find out at some point that my neighbor, Hattie,
does have a car and
she drives a Ford,
then I can populate that field in the table as well.
So let's go ahead and see if we can find child1,
which is a string that contains just c,
that should get us cooper.
That's Raul's child.
But what if we want to pick uppercase C?
That gets us Tracey and her child Charlie.
So when it comes to searching through your table, uppercase and lowercase,
how you enter the data into the table does matter,
unless when you're creating your search terms,
you tell it to ignore case.
Thanks for completing the exercise.